So we have seen for this episode some problem.
We started with the complexity of.
And GROSS.
Some.
And then we later optimized the to to grow some boats and then later optimize into one cross sum in
only one row and further optimizing as as we know that a bull value is a one byte storage.
That means a bit.
Eight over two the of unpaid storage in which.
Then why don't we do better to structure its image for values of what is called beachhead?
So it is only one word for a particular value.
It is eight times much optimized.
What we do is, instead of an array of billion, what we will have will have a bit set.
Of Homeland.
If you're not familiar with it, you can get familiar with it because it is very easy to restrict it
in C++.
It's an inbuilt data structure.
Right.
So, yeah.
What I'll do is I'll simply call it.
Yeah.
So what is Battelle doing here?
What will be to do with a video, but for a subset, some problem.
This 10000 and all these values can be stored.
Insider Richard and then.
By, you know, making the another by making the second rule, we can use the bits it is going to live
the better than the thought of it and will achieve the big ticket items because that's what we need,
the connections that we need.
I'm not explaining this in much detail because I think it's very easy for you to understand.
I just took a visit to the British island land of the British because students will initially take England
to be 13.
But you can take very big landlords.
And as you know, it takes a very large complexity.
So we won't have any problems here.
I'm just digging 13 because of my this.
Let me right in.
So let me just.
Print the word said one so that you can see what is said in heart as it's a 13 with all due to it.
So you're interested in one thing that it's a set of its own, and so it was a base case in this oxygen
problem.
The base case is nothing but beauty.
Zero is one, zero is one.
So here you can see that the row starts on the right.
Most part, it's not 10000 as as it's in our table over here read 10000 and so on.
It is 000 and one is includes the reverse.
Right?
So what we'll do is we'll just assume that we are reverse filling it.
It shouldn't make much problem to me.
It should not cause cause much problem to me.
What I'll do is I'll simply trade.
Tilda.
I start from one go, Dylan.
Similarly, I'll do it for Jay.
We have done this rate for the subject.
Some problem.
And if you're not.
Okay, so now the thing is goes.
I don't need this jay loop also.
What I.
What I want to do is.
I want to.
The bill, said Bill, restoring the values of the previous group.
What I'll do is, as you all know, for any element, I want the previous element and this element which
is eight comma de minus eight logos.
This values nothing.
What if I left shift with the items?
If I shift those bits eight times and I take a note, then it will give me the same result.
I want it.
So basically what I'll do is I'll simply say be a bit set or equals two if I left you.
If I.
Left shift a bit.
Yatim's.
Well, I left you after those bits, eight things and I'm digging out again with the book itself.
I'm digging out again with the Brits.
It's the same thing.
And now, if you want, I can just do it as well.
It's printed.
Initially it was this.
Then second it is 101 and two until all zeros.
It's what my table had one zero went into.
It is 101 and we had two ones here.
Similarly, we have 101 and two ones in the middle.
101 and 212 video and similarly.
Right.
So you can see that these are the same rules.
Just reverse it and.
Finally.
What's my answer?
My answer is nothing.
But it is basically.
Well, so let me just unpredictably be certain that.
So here you can see it's oh, optimize.
Look, I can't even believe that I've optimized this a solution to this.
And now of what is the space complexity of it it is in and the itself is of length.
And we know it takes eight times less complexity than a boolean error.
So it is very much optimized and worth the time complexity.
So is the OR operation.
With the left shifting of the orbits, it doesn't take much complexity.
It's what I have heard.
It's very easy to, you know, left shift orbits and it's an open operation.
So now we're just solving the substitution problem in off ending is very little.
So of course, this.
They are like there are various questions around the complexity of basic, but the complexity of birds.
It is not an exact complexity.
It also depends on the volume.
So.
In the similar vein.
Things you can do you know are trying to send.
Being only working on it.
If you want to go deeper, you can go deeper.
But for me, this solution is off and only because I believe that it takes only one off one time by
all constant pain.
Lieutenant.
So this was another opportunity.
Objection.
I don't think optimization of it are there that I know.
Thank you.
In the next.